Okay, I am writing the big important political plot that connects everyone. Basically, this is a reason that many characters are on the ship to begin with. The four characters that it concerns are Dealer, Saboteur, Noble and Cowboy. Note that the factions here are [London mob, French/English seperatist/terrorist, London political machine, America]. So, there is something on the Dauntless that they all want to some extent, but that not all can have. A specific item? A set of them?

Possible plot: A super sekrit faction that actually runs everything (like the Illuminati) are selling something important, like England's claim to an island in the Atlantic. Noble wants to colonize it and forward the great British Empire. Dealer wants a low-key takeover so that the mob can start running an opium trade from the island. Cowboy wants the island to be under the Monroe Doctrine (that the US wants it to be free in its sphere of influence). Saboteur wants the island for France or no one can have it. How can they each prove that the island should be theirs? Well, there are two items: the original Charter for the British East India Company (or whatever) to develop it, and a Charter for the Town's existence. Also, one forged copy of each will be in game, and this will be slightly apparent from the description of the item. People will be told in their blue sheet / green sheet to watch out for forgeries. If someone walks away with both --> total win. If one person gets one --> still a win, but less. If two people have a copy each --> tie between those two, but at lteast they're in the running. Nobody gets them --> hA. Documents are not recovered from being hidden in the fireworks bins (!!) -- > they get blown up and Cayman is fucked up for a century because of this.

Oh, flash of inspiration. The land in question is the Cayman islands. Which are of course important, and very wonderfully placed for our purposes! The capital of the Caymans is George Town.

Anyway, the items are hidden in or around the Dauntless. We could just do dot trails, but that is not fun. Perhaps they are somehow very literally embedded in the ship's hull / fireworks that they have to be gotten at using a very exact combination of tools and mechanics? Perhaps there are subtle clues all around the ship as to where they are. These clues should make people walk all over game and spend time alone in dark corners. They should also not know who they are competing against.
